very good how are you dear friends how are you family I hope you are
having a splendid day today we are going to
talk about a case that is going to make your
hair stand on end it is a case that is
starting to go viral in Spain and it is a
famous actor in our country who is
being and has been charged in a case
of alleged homicide allegedly He and
his wife would have poisoned her aunt
to keep her inheritance and the
inheritance does not amount to much more than
60,000 euros or in other words in total his
assets Do not amount to much more than 60,000
euros in the bank an apartment and a couple of
plots of land It is not that it is little but it is not
an amount to risk and kill
someone and honestly in this video we are
going to learn about this case I am going to give you
all the information that there is so far of
course we have to
respect the presumption of innocence
because everyone is innocent until
a judge says otherwise but the
case and the data that are on the table
since the secrecy of the summary has already been lifted
looks  ugly and everything points to the fact that
things are and murky things are murky And in
this video we are going to see how far
a human being can go for
money and when I say money
we are talking about levels that I would
consider can be compared to
a vice Because we are talking about
amounts that are not
worth ruining your life and
much less ending anyone's life, it
seems that it is not that he needed it
apparently this person
supposedly According to the media, he
took out all the money he had in the
bank in cash more than 100,000 euros
that he had hidden in a sofa in order to be
able to request aid from the State
a payment for poverty before
starting with the family topic I am going to
ask you please to click on the
subscribe button it is absolutely free and in
this channel you will find out about all the
viral moves and all the
important events that occur on the networks and
in the world especially in the world of
television Luis Lorenzo is an actor who
worked in series such as La que se avecina
and Hospital Central no es ninguna
nonsense are very well known series in my
country also participated in reality like
the island of the famous and survivors
last week after several years
of not seeing it on television we saw it again
but this time on the news
leaving a court after being
arrested in the city of Madrid due to
an investigation by the alleged
murderer of an elderly woman the aunt of his
partner over 80 years of age
realize that we are talking about the
alleged victim who has been murdered
by poisoning was 85 years old either let's
see sincerely the human being we are
lasting I think right now between that
age and how much we go to
100 you could have really taken care of her
if she wanted her inheritance and
waited a little bit I don't know they are very
crazy ideas that occur to me his partner
named Arantxa niece of Mrs.
Isabel is also being investigated
for the same reason after being
arrested and taken to the court of
Arganda del Rey in the city of Madrid
where an investigation was opened to
both of them as suspects of the alleged
poisoning of the woman both had to
testify before the  magistrates according to
the version of the authorities the
inheritance of Mrs. Isabel of 85 years
I repeat is an inheritance of barely
60,000 euros, I tell you it is not little but I do not
think it is enough to murder
anyone. Well, I really do not want you to
misunderstand me, to murder someone it
is not a sum of money, neither do I have
200 euros in the bank nor do I have 200,000
what I mean is that it is not an
amount that is going to solve their
life and it is worth ending up behind
bars as will probably happen according to
several media Arantxa, Luis's partner,
invited her widowed aunt a year ago to her
house, they lived in Madrid and Mrs.
Isabel lived in Asturias, Isabel's family,
especially her brother José,
suspected that
something strange was going on here, it was not very normal for his
sister to move to Madrid when she did not
like living in the city and she did not
have ties with her niece that
were extremely affectionate and the
straw that broke the camel's back was that while she was
invited in this home, the couple did not allow her to speak
to anyone at the level of  that the
old woman's brothers would get in touch and
call the house and try to get
in touch with her sister and it seems
Luis and his wife wouldn't let her talk to
anyone they wouldn't put her through calls she lived
here and her niece often came
here with them that they were young kids
taking her with her from one place to another
but then when she left for Madrid
the other one started with some and others he
started taking her to Madrid and she had
Madrid once but then he came back and
wanted to take her again and she was
afraid to go to Madrid
with her
because the first time she didn't
see things very clearly and the second time he
forced her to do everything according to what they
say he forced him to sign and spent all
the money and spent everything mind you the
summary says that in one of the times they
took the old woman Madrid the
old woman managed to escape and returned to
Asturias weighing only 35 kilos both
the lady's family and many
neighbors found it quite strange
that the lady without warning
absolutely anyone and suddenly in the
middle of the night headed off and left her
house  to go live with these people in
Madrid when the brother tried to
get in touch with this couple
so they could pass the call to his
sister and at least find out how her
health is and if she is okay they
had arguments in which he
threatened him if he did not let him speak to his
sister to report her missing or
kidnapped and they responded in a
contemptuous manner and threatening to
also report her when she had been
several months without communicating with her
family Mr. José decided to notify
the authorities of his
sister's disappearance to the point that the civil guard
came to the couple's home
to verify that the old woman was
in good
health at least and the couple told
the civil guard that the old woman was
in perfect condition that she was
fine but that she would not let them check it that she would not let them in and they were within their rights because the police and the civil guard cannot enter your house to check whatever they want unless they have a court order which was not the case but you tell me if
the civil guard comes to my house asking me about
the health of someone in my
family because there are relatives who  They are
worried and are reporting a
kidnapping or a disappearance. I will let them
in and show the grandmother, the
grandmother or whoever they are, whoever they are
asking me about, obviously in this case
there are some very strange things according to the
investigation the couple would have
found the old woman dead when they arrived
home the old woman was with a
caregiver and it is assumed that she died between
8 and 9 at night but the
call that is registered to the emergency service
to report the death of the old woman
is not until 12:30 at night not
only during the
lady's stays at this couple's house the
increases in expenses increased
enormously without any justification
both from movements that
came out of the lady's account expenses and
luxuries that the couple allowed themselves without
going any further or that there are newspapers that have
announced in an article that the same
day of the lady's death and even
that the same day of the lady's death there
were up to seven
bank transfers from
the lady's current account to the account of these people
transfers that add up to a total of
almost 10,000 euros to which we have to
add another transfer the
morning after her death which would add up to
almost 12,000 in fact the
authorities quantify all the money
strangely taken from one account to another
at about 20 or 25,000 euros The Move Is that
as you can imagine it is very
strange that the lady on the same day she
dies on her deathbed
starts making crazy transfers to
these people's accounts and we would have to call
the ghost houses to
explain the transfer the
next day not only is it reflected
that these people have access, control and
authorization in the movements of
this woman's account but apparently they do
everything both the will and
signing the authorizations and giving the
bank keys to these people at the
time that it seems that the neurologist
says that she has dementia an
illness and it seems that at this moment they are
rushing the lady to
sign some powers that allow her to
use the bank account of the same
and curiously changes and makes a
will in which her niece would be
universal heir and would inherit the bulk
of his assets is a strange case
things as they are according to what the
media tells this man already has a history
of having shown to be quite
obsessed with the economic issue of
wanting money at all costs not only have
his ex-girlfriends come out
accusing him of scams and asking for
money and of being greedy and mean but there is
also a story in which
Luis Lorenzo would have been
after Carmen Lomana for a while that he would not have
managed to stay with her or anything like that
but that he had the intention in
fact They treat it as a kind of
obsession to get close to the socialite
to enchant her and seduce her with his
bearing and with his education Carmen Lomana
as you know does not mince words and does not
have half measures and has given her opinion on
this issue
because what they have done is very evident
this lady when she was in Asturias
apparently she was fine And on top of that how
mistreated she was before that seems to me to be a
despicable being at first because of the age
the conditions in which
the lady was found she was ruled a natural death
due to normal complications for
someone 85 years old her body was taken
to Asturias with her family they already  They
suspected how she was telling about the
couple because of the strange way in which
everything had happened during the burial
and the mass and all this about the lady where
the couple was also, they say that they
seemed very affected by her death
Arantxa at the funeral gave a short
speech where she thanked
Isabel for her trust in allowing her to take care of her
during her last days of life at that
time while they mourned the death of
the lady several members of the family
were outraged and reproached the
couple but the couple even reported
well they had to end up reporting an
elderly woman with mobility problems
for hitting them during the funeral
when Well at the entrance of the church
Well part of the family said
Arancha why don't you answer the
phone because I called and I couldn't
speak to my sister Sorry the other
part said if it was okay that you wanted to
talk no but in a loud voice
even the parish priest had to take
part in this case and speak loudly
saying that there was no more discussion there
and that you only came in this case to
celebrate the burial of Sister
Isabel and that everything would be discussed later
but that no more voices were being spoken there
inside the church no José
Isabel's brother had the opportunity to
ask the judge to please
perform an autopsy on his sister Although
at first it was difficult for him to get the
judge to accept it he rejected it
because the medical certificate
stated natural death after insisting to the
judge and having him speak with the
civil guard finally decided to request
that autopsy autopsy that was ruled and
that clarified that possibly Isabel
could have lost her life because
of poisoning the woman had a
dose of heavy metals in her body that
multiplied by 200 the normal amount
that a person can ingest based on what
these metals are found in
the foods we eat a
complaint is received in Asturias about a relative
of this deceased in which he doubts
that natural death that had been
ruled that effectively the second
autopsy that was performed concludes that there
were remains of poisoning in the
corpse and also a high content of
poison in the body through
certain months and certain
visits that the deceased had made to the
home of the actor and his wife
because there was  been poisoned and
spent a long time with them media like
La Vanguardia report that relatives of
Isabel the woman supposedly poisoned
by the actor Luis Lorenzo and his wife
Arancha would have kidnapped the old woman
in her house without letting her communicate with
anyone else as we can see in this
image cadmium which is one of the
metals that were found in too many
quantities can affect the
respiratory tract as I tell you some of
these metals that were found in the
autopsy in large quantities we can
find it in some foods for
example in fish and in some
drinks but not even close or I mean not in
those quantities we are talking about
metals that are usually present in
batteries and in cells In fact here in
Spain some of these metals are
prohibited in the manufacture of these
batteries to avoid it could have been an
old battery we do not know here we have
the complete order that has leaked the
confidential where the
freedom on charges of Luis and his
wife is requested are prohibited Well everything that
entails freedom on charges while the
investigation is being carried out which
by the way has been extended to six
more months because they are giving indications and
the authorities want to check more things
and as you can see in this text
that  you can stop the video to read it
more calmly if you want but what it
means is that the evidence
strongly points to the fact that they could be the
perpetrators of the crime of which they are being
accused. In fact,
the car does not only talk about the possible crime
itself but also the relationship that could
exist and with the
bank transfer, the money that they have handled, well, what does it
look like? What looks bad, all this
makes the court think that it could be
one person and since they were the ones who
lived with Mrs. Isabel, they are the
main suspects at the moment there is no
formal accusation against the
couple so Luis and Arancha
are only being investigated at the moment and they went to
testify as part of the investigation
that seeks to establish whether it could be
a homicide or not. In the following
text, the court says that if it is a
homicide, the
participation of Luis Lorenzo could be presumed due to
Isabel and the couple's unusual cats
after she moved in with
them, a change in
her will two months before her death,
naming her niece as
universal heir and what was mentioned by other
relatives of Isabel Where before  her
death they suspected that
the lady had been held in the apartment by
the couple. He was also prohibited from
leaving the country as he could be
required or charged at any time
since the investigation, as it is just
beginning, could have a prompt
resolution if
results are found in the analysis of the
evidence. The Civil Guard and the police
searched the couple's apartment
in search of elements or traces that
could incriminate him for
Isabel's murder, although the
results of the search have not yet been revealed, it is true
that the confidentiality of the summary has already been lifted.
But there are details with which the
press and the people who have access
to it are being quite cautious,
for example, it is known that there are several
statements that are forceful or
at least that touch your heart
from Isabel's relatives that
could be enlightening, but as I
tell you, they do not reveal many details at the moment there
is a lot of caution with the subject and I
insist we live in a country in which of
course and luckily we are supposed to
respect the presumption of
innocence until a judge clarifies and
says otherwise. Listen, what
There better be some explanation for all this and it turns out that the marriage is innocent Although it looks ugly pom pom arancha Palomino the partner of Luis Lorenzo niece of Isabel and also investigated for the possible homicide of her aunt met Luis Lorenzo in mediaset after coinciding in the
program buena ley in 2012
another of her aunts named Chelo says that
the woman has no education and graduated
at night because she did not want to be
anything this same lady tells us
that Arantxa's 70 year old father does not
want to know absolutely anything about her
that he left her without money because the
girl wanted to live the story and it sank him
financially and he says that he does not want to
know about her because she has had a very very
bad time Arantxa has an 11 year old son
from her first husband and a four year old
with the actor Luis Lorenzo
Chelo herself who made these statements and her
husband José María were the ones who
denounced the couple and requested the
investigation for the suspected death
of her sister and sister-in-law Isabel Chelo
denies the version that Isabel lived
with the couple as several media outlets say
the poor woman never lived with them as they
are saying in the
media she was always in her house
of degree this marriage is told by the
press that on several occasions it had
happened that the couple arrived,
took her sister and spent a few days
in Madrid paying for something and
then this same lady returned in which it
says that on one occasion Isabel
managed to escape and 35 kilos appeared in her house
And this lady who is also
elderly is the lady that the couple
has denounced according to them for assaulting them
during Isabel's funeral and she of
course flatly denies it
the attention as an anecdote is that in the
morning a person from the funeral home
put up a school where she put the fanpage
only to the niece and then that same day
in the afternoon a school was put up and there
were two posts by the same
person one with the detailed family and the
other is not strange because the truth is
that it was not expected that by her appearance and
by her beauty is to speak to you normally you could
see a person who was very very
well In addition, she was a woman who
had a very good appearance the truth and
then she called a lot of attention that so
then in the bar you  We run and
they mentioned that there had been problems in
the church, that there had been arguments
between the family and we understood why there were
two obituaries. Neither of them have
appeared this week to testify before
the judge. Of course, both have denied
all the facts, saying that they are innocent,
that it has been a huge misunderstanding
that they hope will be resolved soon and they
have asked the press to please
respect the presumption of innocence and to
respect the issue because they have children who they
could do a lot of harm to. Look,
first of all, I want to, of course,
thank you all. I
deeply respect your work, but at
this moment I am not going to make
any statement
beyond saying that both my wife and
I are completely innocent, we
fully trust in the work that
justice is doing and I ask for respect
from all the media, with a
constitutional right, which is the presumption of
innocence. I am absolutely convinced
that this will be clarified, my
only wish is as soon as possible. I am not going to
say anything else,
obviously I believe that it is a
very complicated situation, especially with the
children, and I
absolutely respect anyone, whatever
measure is necessary to clarify.
all this is going to be taken we are innocent
our maximum collaboration with
justice to clarify this situation
Yes everything that is being commented on in the
media is false and will be documented
How are you because they
were saying that you had
at least
we are innocent
in Sálvame that you already know that the things
that are said in Sálvame must be taken
with a pinch of salt but they are affirming that
some audios have come into their hands where you can
allegedly hear screams of the
ladies being mistreated by their partner
the lawyer for both has also said that
they have not accepted the inheritance and that
at the moment it is still in the name of the
deceased there is only one transfer of
less than 30,000 euros that was made as a
provision for some expenses but according to
the lawyer it has not been spent and
this remains intact less than 30,000 euros is
what we talked about at the beginning of the
video it is not one transfer it is in
several it is a very strange thing It is that I
want to think about you tell me in the
comment box what occurs to you because it is that I would
like to think for what reason
instead of taking  30,000 transfer 10 why is
that done 600 500 5000
in the same day about the alleged
poisoning he said he doesn't know the
details of the investigation that we don't
know what levels of these metals are there
well on TV they are talking about a
level that multiplies by 200 the
normal doses that we should have in the body
based on what we eat that are not
compatible with the doses of metals in
a normal consumption it speaks of the fact that there may have been
a previous contamination and that we
should question many things it is
wrong to murder any person whether they are a
millionaire or not have a single euro
understand me but of course when these
people take that step of risking it by
murdering someone you expect that they are
going to become millionaires with that
money you know you say Well it
will have solved their lives it has blinded them
the part no no no it is that this lady
had 60,000 euros in the bank an apartment and
a few properties that they themselves did not
want greed is strong or the or
maybe they did not have a single euro and I need
but but come on it is  which is mind-blowing Well,
precisely money it seems
that he did have it was found in the search of
his house
127,000 25 euros hidden in the sofa
there you have the police files that have been
published they are files from the summary
that have been published around the world and the
most shocking thing is that the couple asked for a
poverty subsidy So ​​maybe they
were hiding this money and they didn't
have it in the bank to justify
asking for a payment well not only a
payment but also the electricity bonus
which apparently is an aid that the
government gives to people with less
income my goodness is what I'm telling you
how far greed can go of
course we will inform you and we will
see how all this
Creepy case turns out I will also invite
some youtuber to talk about this subject
Like for example triun Art who you already
know has been with us in the
last few weeks and we have been talking
about the deban Escobar case So if you
want me to invite tribu let me
know in the comments box if you
want them to continue  forming of this topic
let me know also I want to know
your opinion of course respecting
all people in this video
subscribe and see you in the next
hug family
[Music]